README.md, before:

# Mind&Soul

Mind & Soul is a website that creates a safe space for people who suffer from anxiety and stress. You can find information on how stress can affect you in your personal life, work life and it can even affect your sleep. Throughout the website you will find useful information on how to deal and cope with stress and anxiety at home or at work. Guided meditation videos will help you relax and prepare you for anything that might come towards you during the day.

If you have problems sleeping we have a page with advice on how to get a better sleep, as well as guided meditations to help you achieve an amazing sleep.

![Responsice Mockup](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/all-devices-black.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Meditation section and Contact section and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
  - On small screens like mobile phones, the navigation is showing in the bottom of the screen. The desicion was based on the latest UX research.

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/navbar-full.png)

![Mobile Nav Bar](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/navbar-mobile.png)

- __The Home page__

  - The Home page includes a hero section where the user can see what is the purpose of the website. Using an illustration of a person meditating and throug the heading it is a clear message that the website is about meditation.
  - Contact section is offering social media links to Facebook, Instagram and Youtube; the section has a newsletter signup form for the users to get advice and information about retreats.

![Landing Page](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/hero-home.png)

- __Benefits section__

  - The Benefits section will explain what are the benefits of meditation and how it can change your life. 

![Benefits](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/benefits-section.png)

- __Meditation section__

  - Meditation section explains the 3 main meditation techniques that can be used for stress relief and better sleep.  

![Meditation section](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/meditation-section.png)

- __The Footer__ 

  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Love Running. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

![Footer](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/footer-full.png)

- __Meditation pages__

  - There are 3 meditation pages using the same structure: Stress, Work and Sleep.
  - Each meditation page consists of vital information on how the body and the life is affected by stress and anxiety, as well and tips on how to handle daily stress and relax.
  - Each page is offering information on how to start meditation and 3 guided meditation videos.

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea would be to create a Retreats page where the users can organize retreat events and register to participate.
- Implementing animation using JavaScript for the illustration and the mobile navbar.

## Testing 

Testing has been done on different browsers (Chrome, Safari, Firefox) and the website was performing well on all three.

The mobile responsiveness testing has been done using iPhone, Xiaomi and Samsung and the website kept the same layout on all three with no issues.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.


### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fadrian-cucuet.github.io%2Fproject1%2Findex.html)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fadrian-cucuet.github.io%2Fproject1%2Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

### Unfixed Bugs

Due to videos embeded in the Mediation pages, the performance was low. I have tried to find solutions to increase the performance score. One of the solution was to create a link for the videos and send the user on YouTube website. As this would drive traffic away from this website I decided to wait until I find a javascript solution to fix the loading time for the pages.

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages and was created using GitPod.

The live link can be found here - https://adrian-cucuet.github.io/project1/index.html 


## Credits 

In this section you need to reference where you got your content, media and extra help from. It is common practice to use code from other repositories and tutorials, however, it is important to be very specific about these sources to avoid plagiarism. 

You can break the credits section up into Content and Media, depending on what you have included in your project. 

- [Favicon](https://favicon.io/favicon-generator/) used for creating icons for the website.

### Content 

- The text for the Home page and all the Meditation pages was taken NHS website
- The icons are taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign up page are from This Open Source site
- The videos are taken from various YouTube channels as embedded videos.


## Other General Project Advice

Commit message:

Add credits for media and content in readme file

README.md, after:

# [Mind & Soul](https://adrian-cucuet.github.io/project1/index.html)

Mind & Soul is a website that creates a safe space for people who suffer from anxiety and stress. You can find information on how stress can affect you in your personal life, work life and it can even affect your sleep. Throughout the website you will find useful information on how to deal and cope with stress and anxiety at home or at work. Guided meditation videos will help you relax and prepare you for anything that might come towards you during the day.

If you have problems sleeping we have a page with advice on how to get a better sleep, as well as guided meditations to help you achieve an amazing sleep.

![Responsice Mockup](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/all-devices-black.png)

## Features

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Meditation section and Contact section and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
  - On small screens like mobile phones, the navigation is showing in the bottom of the screen. The desicion was based on the latest UX research.

![Nav Bar](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/navbar-full.png)

![Mobile Nav Bar](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/navbar-mobile.png)

- __The Home page__

  - The Home page includes a hero section where the user can see what is the purpose of the website. Using an illustration of a person meditating and throug the heading it is a clear message that the website is about meditation.
  - Contact section is offering social media links to Facebook, Instagram and Youtube; the section has a newsletter signup form for the users to get advice and information about retreats.

![Landing Page](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/hero-home.png)

- __Benefits section__

  - The Benefits section will explain what are the benefits of meditation and how it can change your life. 

![Benefits](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/benefits-section.png)

- __Meditation section__

  - Meditation section explains the 3 main meditation techniques that can be used for stress relief and better sleep.  

![Meditation section](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/meditation-section.png)

- __The Footer__ 

  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Love Running. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user. 
  - The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

![Footer](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/footer-full.png)

- __Meditation pages__

  - There are 3 meditation pages using the same structure: Stress, Work and Sleep.
  - Each meditation page consists of vital information on how the body and the life is affected by stress and anxiety, as well and tips on how to handle daily stress and relax.
  - Each page is offering information on how to start meditation and 3 guided meditation videos.

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea would be to create a Retreats page where the users can organize retreat events and register to participate.
- Implementing animation using JavaScript for the illustration and the mobile navbar.

## Testing 

Testing has been done on different browsers (Chrome, Safari, Firefox) and the website was performing well on all three.

The mobile responsiveness testing has been done using iPhone, Xiaomi and Samsung and the website kept the same layout on all three with no issues.

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fadrian-cucuet.github.io%2Fproject1%2Findex.html)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fadrian-cucuet.github.io%2Fproject1%2Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

  - The results for the Lighthouse are all above 90:
  [Lighthouse Score](https://github.com/adrian-cucuet/project1/blob/main/assets/images/lighthouse-perfm.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

Due to videos embeded in the Mediation pages, the performance was low. I have tried to find solutions to increase the performance score. One of the solution was to create a link for the videos and send the user on YouTube website. As this would drive traffic away from this website I decided to wait until I find a javascript solution to fix the loading time for the pages.

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages and was created using GitPod.

The live link can be found here - [Mind & Soul](https://adrian-cucuet.github.io/project1/index.html)


## Credits 

- The icons used for social medial and benefits are from [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- The text for the Home page and all the Meditation pages was taken from [HSE](https://www.hse.ie/eng/)
- The icons used for social medial and benefits are from [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- All the illustration are from [Storyset](https://storyset.com/people)
- The videos are taken from various [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) channels as embedded videos.
- [Favicon](https://favicon.io/favicon-generator/) used for creating icons for the website.

## Other General Project Advice

- Whenever I encounter difficulties, I went and checked for solutions on [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/).
